that's aha rebounded by Hardaway
Michigan heats a three-two time Burke
into the frontcourt around his screen
from McGarry a deep three on the way
he screams at the cloud and Kansas calls
a timeout
Trey core tested again and there's a
long three short and we're headed to
overtime Levert gave him that look and
Michigan pushes to an extra five minutes
Burt left wing Christophsis quickly to
McGarry turns fires knocks it down
Mitch McGary is back 23 p.m. Burke have
combined 446 of Michigan's 83 in the
Wolverines lead by one burr quarters of
screen and gets it from McGarry works
against Kevin Young left to right with
seven to shoot
drives floater off the glass no tapped
out crab by McGarry putback and their
cook it to the ball they are quicker to
go pull 7 seconds to go in overtime
Johnson tries the right side pulls by
Morgan tosses out side Clark Clark with
one second a runner on the way
for the Wolverines
here come the Wolverines right to left
bird left side heartily touch pass in
the course Tusker slippery there's a
steal by McGarry as they try to go
inside for a young middle the floor for
Burke Burke alley-oop for Robinson Gary
need some help puts it on the deck and a
drive leads but the right hand and then
it crawled over the side of the room
they're going to dribble it out
Hotlanta gets a hot Michigan Club they
blow out the Gators in Dallas 79 59 the
wait is over Michigan spent 20 years
waiting for a final four for the first
time since 1993 Michigan is a regional
champion and they are headed to the
Final Four
to take on Syracuse 79 59 the final
Wolverines are regional champions